h1. Deprecation Notice

The ElasticSearch Grails plugin has a new maintainer!

Please browse to Noam Y. Tenne fork for new updates for the plugin source code: 
https://github.com/noamt/elasticsearch-grails-plugin

Among the main new features of this version is the ability to use any gorm-datastore with the plugin, 
so you are no longer bound to the hibernate plugin.

While Noam's fork was previously published on the grails central repository under the name **elasticsearch-gorm**, 
it will now be published under the original plugin name **elasticsearch**, thus replacing the original version. 

If you were using the **0.17.x** version of the original plugin, or one of the **0.20.x** snapshots, 
you should consider upgrading to the latest version.

This repository will no longer be updated but will stay online for a while for archive purpose.

Thanks to all the contributors and users of the original plugin!

h1. Grails plugin Archive

Please note that the versioning scheme has changed with the new plugin. 
The plugin version number will no longer reflect the version of the ElasticSearch library it uses.

If for some reasons (compatibility with legacy projects for example) you need keep the previous version of the grails plugin, 
here is a list of the published versions of the original plugin that should still be available on the grails central plugins repository:

* 0.90.3.0-SNAPSHOT
* 0.20.6.2-SNAPSHOT
* 0.20.6.1-SNAPSHOT
* 0.18.7.1-SNAPSHOT
* 0.17.8.1
* 0.15.2.1
* 0.15.1.1
* 0.13.0-b
* 0.13.0-a

Use one of these versions in your @BuildConfig.groovy@ to pull the original plugin.

---

Original Readme Below

---

h1. ElasticSearch Grails plugin

This plugin is providing an integration to Grails of the open source search engine "ElasticSearch":http://www.elasticsearch.org

**Grails plugin page:** "http://grails.org/plugin/elasticsearch":http://grails.org/plugin/elasticsearch

**Documentation:** "Click here":http://smaldini.github.com/elasticsearch-grails-plugin/docs/guide/index.html

h2. License

<pre>
Copyright 2002-2011 the original author or authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
</pre>
